docs: Add user manual how to enable and configure multicast feature. (#32612)
cilium/cilium: Documentation/network/multicast.rst

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _enable_multicast:

**********************************
Multicast Support in Cilium (Beta)
**********************************

.. include:: ../beta.rst

The multicast capability allows user application to evolve distributing data feeds to
multiple consumers in the Kubernetes cluster.
The container network multicast transmission technology based on eBPF focuses on solving
the problem of efficient multicast transmission in the container network and provides
support for multiple multicast protocols.

This document explains how to enable multicast support and configure Cilium and CiliumNode
with multicast group IP addresses and subscribers.

> - Requirements (dependencies)
> 
>   This guide assumes that Cilium has been correctly installed in your
>   Kubernetes cluster. Please see :ref:`k8s_quick_install` for more
>   information. If unsure, run ``cilium status`` and validate that Cilium is up
>   and running. This guide also assumes Cilium is configured with vxlan mode,
>   which is required when using multicast capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites
=============

This guide assumes that Cilium has been correctly installed in your
Kubernetes cluster. Please see :ref:`k8s_quick_install` for more
information. If unsure, run ``cilium status`` and validate that Cilium is up
and running. This guide also assumes Cilium is configured with vxlan mode,
which is required when using multicast capability.
```
Could you give this section a header? Sorry, my previous comment about it was a bit unclear.
